remove blank end patterns
recursive search for best track representation?

only allow adjacent channels to to mixed
	startchan, endchan - instead of *channels
test setting the tick handler in the mainscene - is it accurate enough
	to set for mismatch times?

change duplicate track merge till after dots are generated?
	- buried.xm merges tracks 1-4 since they have the same ins, then
	  finds that it matches a drum track since it has a beat on each
	  row, but it may be (or maybe not... :) silly to match these up
change Press to be based on ticks, not on row
check and fix physics stuff - implement fixed point and float point physics
	multiply timer stuff in timer.c - eg 1/2*t*t for acceleration
	rather than multiply it over and over for each object in a frame
fix bouncy ball when sngspd is not 6 :)
see if mikmod supports channel masking or something similar
check if GL_DITHER should be disabled

cannona.it stops playing after row 24

check with mikmod see if mikmod_internals.h and all is version specific - 
	ie. if 3.1.10 is required or whatever

use joykey.up or something, set it to 1 when SDLKEYUP/JOYBUTTONUP and 0 on SDLKEYDOWN/JOYBUTTONDOWN - refire event after a delay (rather than use the KeyRepeating thing, since this will work for joysticks too)

music plays while switching song

add in thing to not play the first note of a track if we're not on that track
	(it starts not muted and so plays a little, but if we're not on the
	track there is no chance we will hit it - make sense?)
takes long to quit - log?
menu sometimes doesn't update when scrolling? - fixed with event?

fix newline for windows - eg snprintf(&char, 1, "\n"); to find out if it's 10 or 13, then use that number for font generation

need CALLBACK thing for function pointers? - windows compatibility
change .notes field to be bitwise OR (eg. 1 2 4 instead of 1 2 3) to allow
	multiple buttons for a single note?

change length of a block based on song speed?
fix event system - use user events? do anything that doesn't suck?
check for blank space at end of song - remove somehow?
draw transparent objects after opaque ones - use readonly depth buf
	- disable blending during opaque objects for speed??

Check volume for magicrai.s3m - are all those dots really there?
fix stuff where it says MARF in files :)

clean up glinit
difficulty - spacing of dots, timing of when you press button
	- also include presets "easy" "medium" "hard" ?

add in cfg for mods - cut out tracks 4 and 5 (maybe?) for giants.mod - will be cool!
	- in cfg allow naming of tracks

speed limit signs when the speed changes (but not when it changes every other row!)

fix mod loading scheme - it blowz! - handle blank tracks too
fix time mismatching scheme

different duders:
	fireball duder, must hit extra fireball note or explode (for a little bit)
	darkness duder - make screen dark
	invisible duder - make notes shift in/out of visibility
	silencer - turns off the music
	other duders

more video options - eg texture enable/disable, lightning, etc etc
SDL_mixer doesn't support mtm/ult/stm/669/etc, only xm, it, s3m, mod
sort transparent objects to render them properly (or cheat) (or leave as is)
Add 3d font?
compress sounds with zlib?
check mem usage?
rename game to Wavelength - intro screen
midi support?
get MinGW and port to windows
writing a gmae :)
